---
source_url: https://northflank.com/docs/v1/application/overview
title: Overview |  Northflank Application docs
crawl_date: 2025-07-25T12:06:48.968753
watsonmd_version: 0.1.0
---

# Overview

Find guides on how to build, deploy, and scale your code on Northflank.

New to Northflank

[Getting startedLearn the basics and get up-and-running on Northflank within minutes by following walkthroughs to begin building and deploying your code.](/docs/v1/application/getting-started/introduction-to-northflank)[Migrate from HerokuMigrate your services to Northflank from Heroku using our automated import feature, or manually transfer your Heroku applications to Northflank.](/docs/v1/application/migrate-from-heroku)[Run production workloadsLearn how to set up your DevOps workflow and confidently manage your production workloads on Northflank.](/docs/v1/application/production-workloads/get-production-ready-on-northflank)[Deployment guidesBrowse our guides on deploying specific applications on Northflank.](/docs/v1/application/deploy-on-northflank)

How-to guides

[Build your codeBuild your code from your Git repositories using Docker or buildpacks, inject build arguments, and configure build triggers for CI.](/docs/v1/application/build/build-your-code-on-northflank)[Run your codeDeploy services and run jobs from your Northflank builds and images from container registries.](/docs/v1/application/run/run-containers-and-micro-services)[Manage releasesConfigure continuous integration and deployment for builds and deployment services, and create pipelines with release flows to manage your release workflows.](/docs/v1/application/release/continuous-integration-and-delivery-on-northflank)[Infrastructure as codeAutomate workflows, share deployments, and automate complex tasks using Northflank templates.](/docs/v1/application/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-as-code)[Bring your own cloud to NorthflankUse all the features of the Northflank platform on other cloud hosting providers, with control over your own infrastructure.](/docs/v1/application/bring-your-own-cloud/use-other-cloud-providers-with-northflank)[Run GPU workloadsDeploy GPU workloads on Northflank for AI, machine learning, HPC workloads, and other tasks.](/docs/v1/application/gpu-workloads/gpus-on-northflank)[Observe logs, metrics, and container healthView logs and metrics and configure health checks for your containers to ensure performance and uptime. Integrate with log sinks and create notifications.](/docs/v1/application/observe/observability-on-northflank)[Scale with NorthflankIncrease the resources available to your workloads, and the number of running instances for a deployment.](/docs/v1/application/scale/scale-on-northflank)[Stateful workloadsAdd databases and persistent storage that easily integrate and scale with your Northflank workloads.](/docs/v1/application/databases-and-persistence/stateful-workloads-on-northflank)[NetworkingConfigure public and private ports for your Northflank workloads, and add security with IP policies and basic authentication.](/docs/v1/application/network/networking-on-northflank)[Security on NorthflankProtect your infrastructure and data on Northflank with multi-factor authentication, securely injected secrets, network security, and role-based access control.](/docs/v1/application/secure/security-on-northflank)[Domains on NorthflankManage your domains on Northflank, quickly and easily assigning them to your deployments.](/docs/v1/application/domains/domains-on-northflank)[CollaborateInvite your team to join you on Northflank and work together seamlessly, at no extra cost. Configure role-based access control to the Northflank application and API.](/docs/v1/application/collaborate/collaborate-on-northflank)[Billing on NorthflankSelect the best plan for your needs, and monitor and manage your spend on Northflank.](/docs/v1/application/billing/pricing-on-northflank)