---
source_url: https://go.dev/doc/cmd
title: Command Documentation - The Go Programming Language
crawl_date: 2025-07-25T12:08:25.793706
watsonmd_version: 0.1.0
---

1. [ Documentation ](/doc/)
  2. [ Command Documentation ](/doc/cmd)



# Command Documentation

There is a suite of programs to build and process Go source code. Instead of being run directly, programs in the suite are usually invoked by the [go](/cmd/go/) program. 

The most common way to run these programs is as a subcommand of the go program, for instance as `go fmt`. Run like this, the command operates on complete packages of Go source code, with the go program invoking the underlying binary with arguments appropriate to package-level processing. 

The programs can also be run as stand-alone binaries, with unmodified arguments, using the go `tool` subcommand, such as `go tool cgo`. For most commands this is mainly useful for debugging. Some of the commands, such as `pprof`, are accessible only through the go `tool` subcommand. 

The Go installation process also installs an executable called `gofmt`, equivalent to `go fmt`, because it is so often referenced. 

Click on the links for more documentation, invocation methods, and usage details. 

Name |  | Synopsis  
---|---|---  
[go](/cmd/go/) |  |  The `go` program manages Go source code and runs the other commands listed here. See the command docs for usage details.   
[cgo](/cmd/cgo/) |  | Cgo enables the creation of Go packages that call C code.  
[cover](/cmd/cover/) |  | Cover is a program for creating and analyzing the coverage profiles generated by `"go test -coverprofile"`.  
[fix](/cmd/fix/) |  | Fix finds Go programs that use old features of the language and libraries and rewrites them to use newer ones.  
[fmt](/cmd/gofmt/) |  | Fmt formats Go packages, it is also available as an independent [ gofmt](/cmd/gofmt/) command with more general options.  
[doc](/cmd/doc) |  | Doc extracts and generates documentation for Go packages.  
[vet](/cmd/vet/) |  | Vet examines Go source code and reports suspicious constructs, such as Printf calls whose arguments do not align with the format string.  
  
This is an abridged list. See the [full command reference](/cmd/) for documentation of the compilers and more.